chore(infra): integrate husky to the development process (#270)
cloudoperators/juno: docs/husky_commitlint_guide.md

Ensure that the `~/.config/husky/init.sh` file exists and contains the following code:

```bash
export NVM_DIR="$HOME/.nvm"
[ -s "$NVM_DIR/nvm.sh" ] && \. "$NVM_DIR/nvm.sh" # This loads nvm
nvm use default  # or your current version
```

For more info check this one https://typicode.github.io/husky/how-to.html#node-version-managers-and-guis

## Commitlint Configuration

We enforce specific commit message formats using `commitlint` to ensure that all commits are meaningful and consistent. This is crucial for maintaining a clean and understandable project history.

### Allowed Commit Types

The following commit types are allowed:

- **build**: Changes that affect the build system or external dependencies (example scopes: gulp, broccoli, npm)
- **chore**: Changes that don't have an influence on the code running in production. Chore commits typically don't change the release.
- **fix**: A bug fix
- **feat**: A new feature
- **publish**: Changes related to publishing the package
- **release**: Version releases
- **refactor**: Code refactor that doesn't introduce a new feature or fix a bug

> - **test**: For test purposes, when it is only tests will be written on changed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **test**: For test purposes, when only tests will be written or changed
```

> - **style**: For test purposes, When it is only tests will be written on changed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **style**: When there are only style changes
```

# Commitlint and Husky Configuration

This project uses **Husky** to enforce code quality checks and **commitlint** to ensure commit messages follow a consistent convention. Below are the details on how these are configured and how they work together.

## Commitlint Configuration

We enforce specific commit message formats using `commitlint` to ensure that all commits are meaningful and consistent. This is crucial for maintaining a clean and understandable project history.

### Allowed Commit Types

The following commit types are allowed:

- **build**: Changes that affect the build system or external dependencies (example scopes: gulp, broccoli, npm)

> - **chore**: Other changes that don't modify `src` or `test` files

Reviewer: I think a better description of chore would be
```suggestion
- **chore**: Changes that don't have an influence on the code running in production. Chore commits typically don't change the release
```

- **fix**: A bug fix
- **feat**: A new feature
- **publish**: Changes related to publishing the package

> - **release**: Version releases

Reviewer: I think a type for refactor would be helpful:
```suggestion
- **refactor**: Code refactor that doesn't introduce a new feature or fix a bug
```

### Allowed Commit Scopes

The following scopes are permitted for commits:

- **build**: Related to the build system
- **communicator**: Changes in the communication layer
- **config**: Configuration-related changes
- **ci**: Continuous Integration configuration and changes
- **core**: Core functionalities
- **deps**: Dependency management
- **docs**: Docs related
- **example**: Examples or sample code
- **infra**: Infrastructure-related changes
- **juno**: Juno-specific changes
- **k8s**: Kubernetes-related changes
- **message-provider**: Changes in the message provider
- **npm**: npm-related changes
- **oauth**: OAuth implementation and changes

> - **template**: Template files or project templates

Reviewer: This is changes in the template app
```suggestion
- **template**: Changes in the template app
```

> - **ui**: User interface-related changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **ui**: changes to ui-components
```
